All right welcome back.
My research.
This is Edwin Diaz again with another beautiful tutorial or lecture.
All right well in today's lecture we are going to be learning how to update or right using the many
to many relationship.
So let's open our eyes the E.
And I said it correctly this time.
I d e.
Not just an editor.
This is a powerful powerful powerful stuff.
But anyway let's go and learn how to update.
I hope I didn't say read.
All right this is a lecture for learning how to update so I'm going to create a route and I got a call
an update and here I'm going to show you a really cool thing that you probably did not know that you
could do with Ababil.
All right we've done something similar but not like this.
All right.
So of course we find the user so that way we can find it's relationship.
So we say fine or fail.
I want you to get used to doing that one.
All right cool.
Find the user.
We got other user.
Now look at this.
Now let's find out if the user has a role.
So I'm going to say if user has
rules now this is a method here that we can use to find out if the user has a relationship.
OK.
Has or it could have anything.
Well if you go into the committee and look for that key word for that functionality Dometic could tell
you other things as well.
I think this mentor could find other besides relationship we can find other things if you put it with
something else you use it as another as a function or something like that.
All right.
But I know we can do this if a user has roles.
All right then what we're going to do is we're going to loop through through that rule because remember
now is a collection user roles as role.
And I bet you did not know this.
All right.
Let's actually even check this out real quick before I show you.
Let's do this.
If the wrong name equals two administrator and I don't know if it is right now let's just look at it
.
Let's go to bitchery my admen right here is my man.
All right so let's check the many to many.
The rule is many should have would a capital A.
OK so if this administrator with a capital A will uppercase a then what I want to do is I want to change
the string and I grabbed the wrong name.
Whoops Geez the wrong name.
Wow.
And I want to create a lowercase
name.
Now of course I could use a function of BHB function.
Your SDR.
I
see you are two little words.
And I could make what if this was a diner variable or something like that would pull it out right.
I could just put it right here and we'll make it a lowercase for me.
But in this case just demonstrating something.
And we have a couple of other helper functions from Clarabelle as well which is really cool array that
we can do allow a lot of things to make more sense than native BHB by the way.
All right so once we change a role or we have to do is call that statement on the model that say okay
look at that.
That's beautiful.
All right so we know that we know that A has it all uppercase a let's all let's make it sort of it's
something different like this of scriber.
That way you know exactly that word.
OK let's see if we can find the browser lacking and outsing update.
All right.
Well there we go update.
Enter La.
Cool.
Let's go and get it right here.
Too many too many
rules.
And as you can see he has been change.
Subscriber.
Beautiful.
Right.
So as you can see you can.
There's a lot of things that you can do a lot of.
You can even put it.
Of course we're worst any way you want.
I mean as you can see you would get the collection and we get the object of that collection and we grab
it by its property in a sign of a different value and then use the Save method in that model to save
it.
Beautiful.
I mean does it really get better than that.
Easy.
All right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching guys.
It's a pleasure.
Always remember that you can look this up in the documentation any time.
Just look for links in your sections.
Take care